#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    ./bin/compile_dependencies.sh
#
asgiref==3.4.1
    # via django
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
charset-normalizer==2.0.6
    # via requests
confusable-homoglyphs==3.2.0
    # via django-registration
django==3.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-axes
    #   django-choices
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-hijack
    #   django-localflavor
    #   django-otp
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-privates
    #   django-redis
    #   django-registration
    #   django-rosetta
    #   django-sendfile2
    #   django-sniplates
    #   maykin-django-two-factor-auth
    #   django-sendfile
    #   django-sniplates
    #   maykin-django-two-factor-auth
django-admin-index==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-axes==5.25.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-choices==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-formtools==2.3
    # via maykin-django-two-factor-auth
django-hijack==3.0.4
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-ipware==4.0.0
    # via django-axes
django-localflavor==3.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-ordered-model==3.4.3
    # via django-admin-index
django-otp==1.1.1
    # via maykin-django-two-factor-auth
django-phonenumber-field==5.2.0
    # via maykin-django-two-factor-auth
django-privates==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-redis==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-registration==3.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-rosetta==0.9.7
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-sendfile2==0.6.0
    # via django-privates
django-sniplates==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
elastic-apm==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
idna==3.2
    # via requests
maykin-django-two-factor-auth==2.0.4
    # via -r requirements/base.in
phonenumbers==8.12.33
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pillow==8.3.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
polib==1.1.1
    # via django-rosetta
psycopg2==2.9.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
python-decouple==3.5
    # via -r requirements/base.in
python-dotenv==0.19.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
python-stdnum==1.17
    # via django-localflavor
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django
qrcode==6.1
    # via maykin-django-two-factor-auth
redis==3.5.3
    # via django-redis
requests==2.26.0
    # via django-rosetta
sentry-sdk==1.4.3
    # via -r requirements/base.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   django-choices
    #   qrcode
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via django
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uwsgi==2.0.19.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
