#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    ./bin/compile_dependencies.sh
#
aldryn-apphooks-config==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
amqp==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
asgiref==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
astroid==2.15.8
    # via pylint
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   glom
    #   jsonschema
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   webtest
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
boltons==21.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   face
    #   glom
brotli==1.0.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fonttools
celery==5.2.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   notifications-api-common
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   elastic-apm
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   weasyprint
charset-normalizer==2.0.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
confusable-homoglyphs==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-registration
coverage==4.5.4
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
cryptography==41.0.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   josepy
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pyopenssl
cssselect==1.1.0
    # via pyquery
cssselect2==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   svglib
    #   weasyprint
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
    #   maykin-python3-saml
    #   odfpy
diff-match-patch==20200713
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-import-export
dill==0.3.7
    # via pylint
django==3.2.23
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-appdata
    #   django-axes
    #   django-choices
    #   django-classy-tags
    #   django-cms
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-csp
    #   django-csp-reports
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
    #   django-extra-fields
    #   django-filer
    #   django-filter
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-hijack
    #   django-htmx
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-localflavor
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   django-open-forms-client
    #   django-otp
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-polymorphic
    #   django-privates
    #   django-redis
    #   django-registration
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   django-rosetta
    #   django-sekizai
    #   django-sendfile2
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   django-sniplates
    #   django-timeline-logger
    #   django-treebeard
    #   django-view-breadcrumbs
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   mail-editor
    #   maykin-django-two-factor-auth
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
django-admin-index==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-appconf==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-image-cropping
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   django-timeline-logger
django-appdata==0.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aldryn-apphooks-config
django-autoslug==1.9.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-axes==5.25.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-better-admin-arrayfield==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
django-choices==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mail-editor
django-ckeditor==6.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mail-editor
django-classy-tags==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-cms
    #   django-sekizai
django-cms==3.11.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aldryn-apphooks-config
    #   djangocms-attributes-field
    #   djangocms-file
    #   djangocms-link
    #   djangocms-picture
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
django-colorfield==0.4.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-cors-headers==3.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-csp==3.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-csp-reports==1.8.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-digid-eherkenning==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-elasticsearch-dsl==7.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-extra-fields==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-filer==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   djangocms-file
    #   djangocms-link
    #   djangocms-picture
django-filter==21.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-formtools==2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-cms
    #   maykin-django-two-factor-auth
django-hijack==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-htmx==1.13.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-image-cropping==1.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-import-export==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-ipware==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-axes
django-js-asset==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-ckeditor
django-localflavor==3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-log-outgoing-requests==0.5.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-open-forms-client==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-ordered-model==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-admin-index
django-otp==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   maykin-django-two-factor-auth
django-phonenumber-field==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   maykin-django-two-factor-auth
django-polymorphic==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-filer
django-privates==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
django-redis==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-registration==3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-relativedelta==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
django-rosetta==0.9.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-sekizai==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-cms
django-sendfile2==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-privates
django-sessionprofile==1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
django-simple-certmanager==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
    #   zgw-consumers
django-sniplates==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-solo==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   django-open-forms-client
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
django-timeline-logger==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-treebeard==4.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-cms
    #   djangocms-attributes-field
django-view-breadcrumbs==2.2.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-webtest==1.9.7
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
django-yubin==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
djangocms-admin-style==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-cms
djangocms-attributes-field==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   djangocms-file
    #   djangocms-link
    #   djangocms-picture
djangocms-file==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
djangocms-link==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
djangocms-picture==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
djangocms-text-ckeditor==5.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-extra-fields
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   notifications-api-common
djangorestframework-camel-case==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   notifications-api-common
drf-spectacular==0.20.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
easy-thumbnails[svg]==2.8.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-filer
    #   djangocms-picture
elastic-apm==6.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
elasticsearch==7.15.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
elasticsearch-dsl==7.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openpyxl
face==20.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   glom
factory-boy==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
faker==9.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   factory-boy
    #   zgw-consumers
fontawesomefree==6.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
fonttools[woff]==4.29.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   weasyprint
freezegun==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
furl==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
gemma-zds-client==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
geographiclib==1.52
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   geopy
geopy==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
glom==20.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
greenlet==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   playwright
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
    #   weasyprint
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
idna==3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==4.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   markdown
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   maykin-python3-saml
isort==5.9.3
    # via pylint
josepy==1.13.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
jsonschema==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
kombu==5.2.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
lazy-object-proxy==1.6.0
    # via astroid
lockfile==0.12.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-yubin
lxml==4.9.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
    #   maykin-python3-saml
    #   pyquery
    #   svglib
    #   xmlsec
mail-editor @ git+https://github.com/maykinmedia/mail-editor.git@a5743ff0f997a91d8202015b79966533f014f5bd
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
mail-parser==3.15.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-yubin
markdown==3.3.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
markuppy==1.14
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   tablib
maykin-django-two-factor-auth==2.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
maykin-python3-saml==1.14.0.post0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-digid-eherkenning
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test-tools.in
    #   pylint
messagebird==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
mozilla-django-oidc==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
mozilla-django-oidc-db==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
notifications-api-common==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
oath==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
odfpy==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   tablib
openpyxl==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   tablib
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   furl
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
pep8==1.7.1
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
phonenumbers==8.12.33
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
pillow==10.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   reportlab
    #   weasyprint
platformdirs==2.4.0
    # via pylint
playwright==1.38.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
polib==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-rosetta
prompt-toolkit==3.0.36
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-repl
psycopg2==2.9.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pydyf==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   weasyprint
pyee==9.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   playwright
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   messagebird
pylint==2.17.7
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
pyopenssl==23.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-tools.in
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   josepy
    #   maykin-python3-saml
    #   zgw-consumers
pyphen==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   weasyprint
pyquery==1.4.3
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   messagebird
python-decouple==3.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
python-dotenv==0.19.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
python-stdnum==1.17
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-localflavor
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   django-yubin
pywatchman==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   tablib
qrcode==6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   maykin-django-two-factor-auth
redis==3.5.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-redis
reportlab==3.6.13
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   svglib
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   django-open-forms-client
    #   django-rosetta
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   maykin-python3-saml
    #   messagebird
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   requests-mock
    #   zgw-consumers
requests-mock==1.9.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test-tools.in
    #   zgw-consumers
sentry-sdk==1.38.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
simplejson==3.18.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mail-parser
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-repl
    #   django-appdata
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   furl
    #   html5lib
    #   isodate
    #   mail-parser
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   python-dateutil
    #   qrcode
    #   requests-mock
soupsieve==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
svglib==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   easy-thumbnails
tablib[html,ods,xls,xlsx,yaml]==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-import-export
tblib==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test-tools.in
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   faker
tinycss2==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cssselect2
    #   svglib
    #   weasyprint
tomli==2.0.1
    # via pylint
tomlkit==0.12.3
    # via pylint
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   astroid
    #   pyee
    #   pylint
    #   xsdata
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uwsgi==2.0.23
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
waitress==2.1.2
    # via webtest
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
weasyprint==54.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
webob==1.8.7
    # via webtest
webtest==3.0.0
    # via django-webtest
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via astroid
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   tablib
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   tablib
xmlsec==1.3.12
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   maykin-python3-saml
xsdata==23.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
zgw-consumers==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   notifications-api-common
zipp==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
zopfli==0.1.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fonttools

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
