#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    ./bin/compile_dependencies.sh
#
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via sphinx
asgiref==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
astroid==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pylint
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   jsonschema
babel==2.9.1
    # via sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
black==21.9b0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.0.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
click==8.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   pip-tools
confusable-homoglyphs==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-registration
coverage==4.5.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
cryptography==35.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
cssselect==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pyquery
ddt-api-calls==0.3.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   digid-eherkenning
    #   odfpy
    #   python3-openid
diff-match-patch==20200713
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-import-export
digid-eherkenning @ git+https://bitbucket.org/maykinmedia/django-digid-eherkenning.git@02ac61c42f6dd2f229ba9f0f687fa1a4160511be
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
dj-rest-auth==2.1.11
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django==3.2.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   ddt-api-calls
    #   digid-eherkenning
    #   dj-rest-auth
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-axes
    #   django-choices
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-extra-fields
    #   django-filer
    #   django-filter
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-hijack
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-leaflet
    #   django-localflavor
    #   django-otp
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-polymorphic
    #   django-privates
    #   django-redis
    #   django-registration
    #   django-rosetta
    #   django-sendfile2
    #   django-sniplates
    #   django-treebeard
    #   django-view-breadcrumbs
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   maykin-django-two-factor-auth
django-admin-index==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-allauth==0.45.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-autoslug==1.9.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-axes==5.25.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-better-admin-arrayfield==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-choices==1.7.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   digid-eherkenning
django-colorfield==0.4.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-cors-headers==3.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-debug-toolbar==3.2.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-elasticsearch-dsl==7.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-extensions==3.1.3
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-extra-fields==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-filer==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-filter==21.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-formtools==2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   maykin-django-two-factor-auth
django-hijack==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-import-export==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-ipware==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-axes
django-js-asset==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-mptt
django-leaflet==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-localflavor==3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-mptt==0.13.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-filer
django-ordered-model==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-admin-index
django-otp==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   maykin-django-two-factor-auth
django-phonenumber-field==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   maykin-django-two-factor-auth
django-polymorphic==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-filer
django-privates==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-redis==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-registration==3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-rosetta==0.9.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-sendfile2==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-privates
django-sniplates==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-solo==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-treebeard==4.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-view-breadcrumbs==2.2.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
django-webtest==1.9.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   dj-rest-auth
    #   django-extra-fields
    #   drf-spectacular
djangorestframework-camel-case==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
docutils==0.17.1
    # via
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
drf-spectacular==0.20.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
easy-thumbnails==2.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-filer
elastic-apm==6.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
elasticsearch==7.15.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
elasticsearch-dsl==7.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   openpyxl
factory-boy==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
faker==8.14.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   factory-boy
flake8==3.9.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
freezegun==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
geographiclib==1.52
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   geopy
geopy==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
idna==3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.2.0
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==4.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   markdown
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
isodate==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   python3-saml
isort==5.9.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   pylint
jinja2==3.0.1
    # via sphinx
jsonschema==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
lazy-object-proxy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   astroid
lxml==4.6.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pyquery
    #   python3-saml
    #   xmlsec
markdown==3.3.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
markuppy==1.14
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   tablib
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
maykin-django-two-factor-auth==2.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flake8
    #   pylint
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via black
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
odfpy==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   tablib
openpyxl==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   tablib
packaging==21.0
    # via sphinx
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via black
pep517==0.11.0
    # via pip-tools
pep8==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
phonenumbers==8.12.33
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
pillow==8.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   easy-thumbnails
pip-tools==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
platformdirs==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
    #   pylint
polib==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-rosetta
psycopg2==2.9.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
pycodestyle==2.7.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   cffi
pyflakes==2.3.1
    # via flake8
pygments==2.10.0
    # via sphinx
pyjwt[crypto]==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-allauth
pylint==2.11.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
pyopenssl==21.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via packaging
pyquery==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
python-decouple==3.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
python-dotenv==0.19.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
python-stdnum==1.17
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-localflavor
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-allauth
python3-saml==1.12.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   babel
    #   django
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   tablib
qrcode==6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   maykin-django-two-factor-auth
redis==3.5.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-redis
regex==2021.9.30
    # via black
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   ddt-api-calls
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-rosetta
    #   requests-mock
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   sphinx
requests-mock==1.9.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   ddt-api-calls
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-allauth
sentry-sdk==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-choices
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   isodate
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   qrcode
    #   requests-mock
snowballstemmer==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sphinx==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinx-rtd-theme==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
tablib[html,ods,xls,xlsx,yaml]==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-import-export
tblib==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   faker
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pylint
tomli==1.2.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   pep517
typing-extensions==3.10.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   astroid
    #   black
    #   pylint
unidecode==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-filer
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uwsgi==2.0.19.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
waitress==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
webob==1.8.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
webtest==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-webtest
wheel==0.37.0
    # via pip-tools
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   astroid
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   tablib
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   tablib
xmlsec==1.3.12
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   python3-saml
zipp==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
